Clarify final for classes. (#2719)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/inheritance.tex

  PI c1(k = 2, T = 3); // fine, will indirectly change tf.b to 2 * {3, 1}
  PI c2(tf(b = {1}));  // error, b is declared as final
end Test;
\end{lstlisting}
\end{example}
If a class is final it means that there cannot be modifiers for its elements when using the class.
\begin{example}
\begin{lstlisting}[language=modelica]
model Test2
  final model MyTransferFunction=TransferFunction(b={1,2});
  MyTransferFunction tf1;           // fine
  MyTransferFunction tf2(a={1,2});  // error, the entire class is final
  model M=MyTransferFunction(a={4});// error, the entire class is final
  model TFX
    extends MyTransferFunction;     // fine
    Real foo = 1.0;
  end TFX;
  TFX tfx(foo=2.0);                 // fine
  TFX tfx2(a={1,3});                // error, a is still final
  model TFX3=TFX(a={1,4});          // error, a is still final

>   A a(redeclare model X=MyTransferFunction); // fine

Reviewer: And if `A` uses `X` with modifiers, that's an error, I suppose?  (Adding more examples may not be the right remedy, see main review comment.)

Reviewer: Obsolete comment.  Resolving.

>   final model MyTransferFunction=TransferFunction(b={1,2});
>   MyTransferFunction tf1;           // fine
>   MyTransferFunction tf2(a={1,2});  // error, the entire class is final
>   model M=MyTransferFunction(a={4});// error, the entire class is final
>   model TFX
>     extends MyTransferFunction;     // fine
>     Real foo = 1.0;
>   end TFX;
>   TFX tfx(foo=2.0);                 // fine
>   TFX tfx2(a={1,3});                // error, a is still final
>   model TFX3=TFX(a={1,4});          // error, a is still final
> 
>   A a(redeclare model X=MyTransferFunction); // fine
>   B b(redeclare MyTransferFunction Y);       // fine

Reviewer: I checked, and there is room for whitespace around/after operators, similar to the previous example:
```suggestion
  final model MyTransferFunction = TransferFunction(b = {1, 2});
  MyTransferFunction tf1;              // fine
  MyTransferFunction tf2(a = {1, 2});  // error, the entire class is final
  model M=MyTransferFunction(a = {4}); // error, the entire class is final
  model TFX
    extends MyTransferFunction;        // fine
    Real foo = 1.0;
  end TFX;
  TFX tfx(foo = 2.0);                  // fine
  TFX tfx2(a = {1, 3});                // error, a is still final
  model TFX3 = TFX(a = {1, 4});        // error, a is still final

  A a(redeclare model X = MyTransferFunction); // fine
  B b(redeclare MyTransferFunction Y);         // fine
```

>   B b(redeclare MyTransferFunction Y);       // fine

Reviewer: I think I get the intension here, but doesn't it require a bit too much reading between lines to figure out that `MyTransferFunction` is now a replaceable class in `B`?

>   B b(redeclare MyTransferFunction Y);       // fine

Reviewer: (GitHub problem: This comment only belongs to line 589, the one with `redeclare MyTransferFunction Y`.)

I think I get the intension here, but doesn't it require a bit too much reading between lines to figure out that `MyTransferFunction` is now a replaceable class in `B`?

Reviewer: The intention is that `replaceable` gives a way to remove `final` by redeclaring with a non-final class?

Reviewer: … but that interpretation seems a bit odd in view of the meaning of `redeclare final`?  Is there a definition of `redeclare final` anywhere, by the way?

Reviewer: Obsolete reference to example code.  Resolving.

> end Test2;
> 

Reviewer: Remove empty line:
```suggestion
end Test2;
```

end Test;
\end{lstlisting}
\end{example}

> If a class is final it means that instances of that class cannot have modifiers.

Reviewer: What about extending from the class?
```
  model AnotherTransferFunction = MyTransferFunction;
  model YourTransferFunction = MyTransferFunction(a = {1, 2});
```

Author: Should be the same. Will reformulate.

Reviewer: I still believe that the second example with `extends` could be worth including (showing that this is OK as long as there are no modifiers in the extends-clause).

Here's another situation that I think need clarification:
```
  model AnotherTransferFunction = MyTransferFunction;
  model YourTransferFunction = AnotherTransferFunction(a = {1, 2});
```

Author: I combined that with the extends-example.

Reviewer: Conversation appears obsolete in view of new way of defining final class.  Resolving.

end Test;
\end{lstlisting}
\end{example}

> If a class is final it means that there cannot be modifiers for any of its elements when using the class, i.e., it as if all elements were modified to be final.

Reviewer: Strange wording: _it as if_

Reviewer: It would also be better to give the rule in a direct style rather than in "as if" style:
```suggestion
Declaring a class final makes all its elements final.  In particular, it means that there cannot be modifiers for any of its elements when using the class.
```

What happens to replaceable classes in the final class?

\begin{example}
\begin{lstlisting}[language=modelica]
model Test2
  final model MyTF = TransferFunction(b = {1, 2});
  /* Equivalently:

>   final model MyTF = TransferFunction(final a,final b = {1, 2});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  final model MyTF = TransferFunction(final a, final b = {1, 2});
```

  */
  MyTF tf1;                            // fine
  MyTF tf2(a = {1, 2});                // error, all elements in MyTF are final

>   model M=MyTF(a = {4});               // error, all elements in MyTF are final

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  model M = MyTF(a = {4});               // error, all elements in MyTF are final
```
